It's not only a UFO library,
>> it's about the unknown.
>> So, how many countries do you have files
from?
>> Oo, I don't know. I have no answer to
that. But we have Japanese files, for
instance, and Russian files.
>> Wow.
>> And they went out on in the field and
brought back debris.
>> What?
>> From this crashed object.
They were standing on the other edge of
this carriage and they had very tight
helmets, small small heads and some
gloves. She was 8 m from them. Meet
Claus von, journalist, author, and one
of the world's most impressive UFO
researchers. He's a real life Swedish
fox moulder, and that's because he's
basically in possession of the modern
X-Files. I'm not kidding. Since the
early 1970s, Spawn has not only reported
on the phenomena for Sweden's largest
newspaper, but he's spent decades
[music] building, organizing, and
preserving what is widely recognized as
the world's largest UFO archive, the
Archives of the Unexplained. This 16
room building houses detailed witness
reports, photographs, audio recordings,
radar data, video, and original first
generation documents that no longer
exist anywhere else. Time travel.
There's a time travel section. What is
this? Brown and Buridge. Towns in Brown.
>> Yeah.
>> I went to Eureka, California.
>> I met with this guy in his garage and we
packed it all together and sent it back
to Sweden. Behind you here is the oldest
UFO group in the world, Borderland
Science Research Association.
>> What? There's something very interesting
about them. They were new more than
intelligence ina [music] certain cases
in the ' 40s. In this episode, we go
over a half ccentury of overlooked
evidence. radar tracked [music] objects
executing impossible right angle turns,
military helicopters nearly colliding
with wingless craft, sonar and radar
returns, and of course, covert European
UFO crash retrieval operations.
We discussed the Swedish ghost [music]
rocket craze of the 1940s. A swarm of at
least 1,400 documented rocket [music]
and cigar-shaped UFOs descending on
Norway and Sweden, never landing on the
ground, always plunging [music] into
water. A swarm that even caused the
Swedish government to form a specialized
military unit. Claus von isn't just an
archivist. He's a field investigator in
his own right, interviewing experiencers
and witnesses [music] at the very center
of UFO history. He spent a lot of time
with Betty Hill of the famous Barney and
Betty Hill 1961 abduction case in New
Hampshire. Everybody knows about this
canonical abduction story. But Clauss
dug a little deeper and found out that
Betty outside of her abduction witnessed
a UFO crash near her home. She even
recovered the debris which she went on
to bury in her backyard where it still
might be to this day.
>> I usually say that we are standing at
the very top of a mountain of knowledge
today.
>> Yes.
>> But the mountain is resting on this
mountain [music]
>> that is even bigger.
>> Yes.
>> That is moving into the future.
>> God give me.
This episode is one of the hardest core
summaries of evidence for UFOs I've ever
heard.
>> When you speak to other people, have you
seen anything unnatural? Yes. Yes. But I
Oh, I don't want to talk about it. Yeah.
>> I brought my buddy Amar Candiel from Yes
[music] Theory to the archives and we
had a blast. What is your top UFO photo?
Without further ado, please enjoy this
week's Swedish alchemist, Clauss Swan.
Ignition sequence starts.
>> How is this possible?
>> Nothing too unusual about that.
>> Their existence cannot longer be denied.
class. We're back. Thank you for being
here again. Thank you for having us
rather. We're at the beautiful archives
of the unexplained. This is just one of
16 rooms and it's packed to the brim
full of documents. Um and so yeah, this
is so exciting. It's like a being a kid
in a candy store and you've compiled all
of this.
>> We started in 1973.
>> You started in 1973.
>> So we've been around for a while.
>> That's amazing. So, you've been
literally compiling things since 1973.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> That's incredible. Um, I want to start
with something you have in your hand.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> What is that?
>> This one. It's a metallic, a piece of
metallic.
>> It's from Sweden,
>> an island called V, northeast of
Stockholm.
>> Okay.
>> In 1957, two carpenters were driving
their car in the middle of the night
really because they were doing some work
on Monday. This was Sunday and suddenly
they saw this object coming from east
moving in front of the car making a
Uturn and suddenly hanging in front of
the car which was totally died. So the
car stopped and those two guys were
sitting in the car and looking at the
object and suddenly it went away exactly
the same way as it came. So they went
out of the car and took a look at on
this road and they found this object
there and it was hot so they couldn't
really uh hold it in their hands. It was
so hot so it was really burning them. Uh
and the car started and they drew away.
After many years this was um analyzed
and I also analyzed it and it's tungsten
or volbide.
Uh this is very earthly. It have every
impurity that it was in tungsten in
1957.
But tungsten is a very good leader of
heat.
>> So this should have been cold in the
middle of the night.
>> So the object affected it.
>> So it was so hot. So it uh corroborates
the story of the two carpenters.
>> So it's evidence and the car couldn't
have made this this tungsten hot. You
think it was definitely there?
>> It was in front of the car. It was And
it's impossible really. Wow. It must
have been quite the heat to do that.
>> That's amazing.
>> So that's interesting.
>> That's f Can I Can I hold it?
>> Absolutely.
>> It does feel oddly, you know, very very
smooth, but I'm sure that is also a
natural element of of tungsten.
>> It is. It is. And you have another
object beside you that I brought with
me.
>> Yeah. This is actually from outer space.
This is not earthly. Uh but it's it is
prosaic. This is What is this? This is a
piece of an asteroid.
>> Mhm.
>> That crashed in Arizona
>> 50,000 years ago.
>> Okay.
>> You can still see the crater. It's a big
museum at the rim of the crater. It's a
>> 1 kilometer. So, it's a huge crater. You
can see it from space.
>> It's very very heavy. It's 99% iron and
a little nickel and some other elements.
>> Wow.
>> So, you can tell if something like this
and from the beginning it was huge. Of
course, like a London bus or something
like that.
>> If that had hit a city, of course, there
were no cities 50,000 years ago, but
today city would be gone,
>> vanished.
>> How much of Can I feel it? How much of
UFO crashes do you think are This is
amazing. It's so heavy. How much of UFO
crashes do you feel are physical events?
Nuts and bolts. material gets left
behind. You can have a crash retrieval
team going looking for it and finding a
thing and trying to reverse engineer it.
>> Do you think a high percentage of them
are?
>> I mean, you know, we looked for one in
Norway.
>> Yeah, we did.
>> Witnesses, I mean, it landed and it
sank.
>> Yes.
>> And in 1946, as we talked about the
ghost rockets, uh, the military were
looking for them in several different
lakes around Sweden. All they found were
indentations at the bottom.
>> Not a single debris, not anything, not
anything like that or like the V piece.
>> So it is really strange. I know that
some of those UFOs as we're talking
about could just vanish without the
trace.
>> Do you know of any because this is an
interesting question. I think the
audience often wonders. You know, in the
US there are all these rumors of reverse
engineering and crash retrievalss of
UFOs. You know, Roswell is like the, you
know, kind of archetypal example of 1947
July.
>> Um, but the crashes often seem to occur
around nuclear sites possibly because
there is this sort of nuclear
connection. Do you know of any crash
retrievals or even reported crash
retrievals where vigilante
citizen who's interested in UFOs?
>> Okay. Yeah. Citizens really
>> finds actual material themselves.
>> Uh not here in Scandinavia.
And the thing is I don't really
understand why should those objects
crash that often.
>> They're traveling presumably through
space. and they are crashing not all the
time but quite often. Uh I mean the UFO
enigma to me is much more complex and
I'm not sure really that we are dealing
with like those physical objects all the
time. We are from time to time. I talked
to Swedish uh radar observers that have
told me about objects that traveling
huge speeds over Sweden
>> and of course they are physical but some
are not.
>> Yes.
>> So where in between could we could we
distinguish this is a one of a UFO
hardware this is something else I'm not
sure.
>> Do you believe there are government
crash retrieval and reverse engineering
programs? Not here in Sweden that I'm
sure about, but in 1946 we had
>> Yeah.
>> Uh they were out the government sent the
military out to several different lakes
and try to find those uh crashed
objects.
>> You showed us photos.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But do you think in the US there's an
official program around these things or
>> I'm not sure. I mean I I I have my
expertise here in Sweden really. Um, of
course the military should be interested
to find uh hardware if there is any kind
of strange object.
>> Yeah, you'd have you'd have to dedicate
resources to even try.
>> Yeah, absolutely. It could be Chinese,
could be Russia, it could be something
completely different, but uh I think
your authorities would be interested.
>> You know, people know of Hesselon in
Norway as a UFO hotspot. What in your
mind are maybe the top five UFO hotspots
in Europe?
>> I mean, HTON is interesting from many
aspects. First, uh, in the 1980s, early
1980s, we and you from Norway had this
huge expedition there and we could take
pictures of them. We can also see them
on radar once. But the thing is nowadays
in Holland when you see something on
scientific instrument the light the
thing is coming up from the ground going
upwards never the other way. We have in
Sweden Dalana which is in the middle of
Sweden where we have had several waves
of UFO observations. We have a place on
on the island of Gotland called Matibu
where people go to a certain stretch of
a of a road watching for lights coming
wandering on this road. But we also know
we have been there. We have traveled
around and drove our own cars and they
shouted, "Oh, that is that is the
object." But it was our car. So there's
really no place you can go here in
Scandinavia to be sure to see something
except Testolan if you stay long enough.
[laughter]
>> So that's really the UFO hot spot.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it is. And it's been that
for many years. And the thing is about
Holland, even though most of the things
you see are lights in the sky,
>> if you talk to the people there, they
can tell you ordinary UFO stories as
well
>> with crafts and sometimes even beings.
Yeah, we were there and it was not
>> it was very easy to tell that an
[snorts] extremely high percentage of
people that lived there had experienced
things like
>> upwards of 80 85 90% of people and that
was all of the report and everybody had
family members and they had experienced
things. It was ubiquitous pretty much.
>> Yeah. Several people in Norway, they
have experience
experienced stuff like that, seeing
things, but they don't dare to tell it
because they are afraid to being uh
chastised.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I know
when when you speak to uh other people,
have you seen anything unnatural?
>> Yes. Yes. But I Oh, I don't want to talk
about it.
You could almost flip the percentages in
any other place where if you were to
pull people Yeah.
>> they would say, you know, maybe 10 15%
would be open about, you know, it would
be it's the opposite in Helin. You're
the you're the pariah if you haven't,
you know, seen a UFO or something.
>> I mean, we knocked doors and talked to
1,600 Swedes
>> and 10% of them had seen something.
>> That's remarkable.
>> It was only one of them who didn't want
to talk with us. The other ones were
very open.
>> Okay. And uh the interesting thing is
that we have 22,000
case files from Sweden here at AFU.
>> Yeah.
>> And presumably 1 million Swedes, 10% of
around 11 million.
>> Wow.
>> I've seen something.
>> And last last night I talked with a lady
who wrote me a letter and she uh for the
first time told anyone outside her
family about something happened in 1971.
in October 1971 and she was uh bicycling
in a small city in the middle of Sweden.
>> It was daylight and the train was coming
and this [clears throat] is so strange.
You know, this is typically strange for
me.
>> Back in the day, I used to chug coffee
like I was prepping for a quantum jump.
But then I'd crash like my nervous
system got slingshotted through a
kaleidoscope. anxiety spiking, aura
flickering, and REM sleep never matter.
It was like drinking battery acid on an
empty stomach. Then I found Mudwater. It
doesn't fry my circuits or my synapses.
I use Mudwater's original blend over
ice. It still has a little bit of
caffeine, but it's stacked with
adaptogens and neutropics like
eltheanine, chaga, lion's mane, cacao,
the whole earth squad to keep you
naturally energized and to ensure that
you don't wake up with the morning
scaries. One sip of mud water in my
cell's report for duty. Two sips and
boom, I'm plugged into the fungal
starfleet. All systems go. So, are you
ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy? Head to mudwater.com.
That's mudwuttr.com
and grab your starter kit today. That's
mudwt.com.
Right now, our listeners get an
exclusive deal up to 43% off your entire
order, plus free shipping and a free
rechargeable frother when you use code
Jesse at checkout. That's right, up to
43% off with code Jesse. That's J E S E
at Mudwater. mud wtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you.
>> On this uh train, there was a carriage
with scrap metal
>> pile. She saw two men on that looking
for something.
>> They have some like backpacks, but it
was not backpacks. It was they had like
suits like the the Superman.
>> Yeah. But uh one color only silver color
with something protruding out of their
backs like that.
>> And she watched them and suddenly they
were standing on the other edge of this
carriage looking at her
>> and they were holding their hands on on
the belt with a small box and they had
very tight helmets, small small heads
and some gloves. And she was so
frightened. She was 8 m from them. Just
very very close.
And suddenly I mean she went away and
they went away and carried on with
whatever they were doing. And it was
nearly impossible to walk that distance
on this carriage because it was so much
scrap metal. So they just
traveled over the metal in a way and
were standing there. and she turned
around and she could see they were still
working looking for something on this.
>> Wow.
>> Interesting. Super strange. Did she
speculate as to who they were, where
they were from at all or
>> I mean she started to read about UFOs
and try and nowadays she's over 70 years
of age and she look on YouTube and
whatever. But uh she she asked me what I
thought and I said to her, "This is for
me a typical encounter with strange
beings because it's not typical."
>> You're right.
>> So they are so different. They're so
diverse.
>> So it's it's typical for things to be
unable to categorize them. For me, if
you really take a look at
>> all of the spectrum, you will find that
>> that's what Jacqu Valet, you know, John
Ke, a lot of these UFO researchers, once
you get past a certain point, you get
into this idea that uh that the
phenomena conceals itself with this
absurdity element that is injected into
every experience.
>> Absurdity is the word, you know, that's
a key word. It's really absurd. And so
it's so absurd that it pre-stigmatizes
itself. Like the story you just told me
of men in a garbage pile seemingly doing
the most low tech thing wearing the most
high tech suits teleporting from can to
can or whatever. Sounds insane.
>> Yeah.
>> But I'm sure that happened, you know. Uh
and so that seems to be this very common
common theme, this trickster element. Do
you think that that's
>> at play here? this this idea that um the
phenomena almost wants to cover itself.
>> In a way, in a way I agree with you
because there are so many high
strangessless cases.
So
the other ones you say, "Oh, this is the
typical Wikis Reber alien.
>> They're not very common here in Sweden."
uh you you can get them but if you
really dig into all this the pile of
observations you are finding so many
other story
>> when you were talking about the the
sighting where the woman saw the being
with the backpack thing protruding yeah
and the suits
>> it reminded me of uh of a friend of a
friend's account so my my best friend's
sister's best friend
>> she was in Mexico in Bala California I
think and just like sunset taking photos
of she was drinking like a Corona beer.
She's taking a photo of it with the
sunset behind and maybe half an hour
later as she goes through the as she
goes through the photo she sees
something very very similar to what this
woman this woman
>> she drew it. So, she was very scared to
show the photo, but she drew she drew it
for me and then we were going to get on
the phone so that so that she can show
me the photo just like via Zoom and uh I
think she had cold feet and I can't tell
if if it's true that the photo
disappeared from her phone, but she
that's what she says.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh she just says like she can't find
it anymore,
>> but it was in one of the photos and
again she was looking at what she was
taking a photo of. She didn't see it
with her own eyes, but it appeared on
the photo.
>> I mean, that is so interesting because
some of those aliens are carrying
equipment.
>> Yeah.
>> Some are not.
>> Yeah. And it's literally like what you
were describing just
>> Yeah. Yeah. It is.
>> That's amazing.
>> That's so crazy with the little backpack
and the jumpsuit.
>> Say it was like a some sort of a metal
detector thing and they're on the beach
in in Mexico. It's like what?
>> That's so weird.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. No, it's almost like a Gonzo movie
or something.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's absurd. That's absurd.
>> Show time.
>> Yeah.
>> But speaking of photos that were taken
where the person didn't even witness
what ended up being seen in the photo.
They accidentally took a photo of a, in
this case, an amazing UFO.
>> This is Claus's new book, Files of the
Unexplained. And do you want to tell us
a little bit about this photo? I mean,
>> yeah, it's taken by Hannah McRoberts. We
should see if we can find it in here so
we could have a bigger picture of it. I
don't remember which page there it was.
>> Yep. I mean, look at that.
>> So, uh, this is Vancouver Island
>> and you've met her, right?
>> I talked with her on telephone.
>> So, what's the story behind this photo?
>> Well, she was out driving together with
her husband and she stopped. This
mountain is quite uh well known. This
was October the 8th, 1981. and she
thought that the cloud seemed a little
nice over the top of the mountain. So,
she took this picture and coming home
later on uh and got the because it's an
old film. This is not a detail film,
it's an old camera, she found that there
was something up in the air and it
really looks like a proper flying saucer
with a dome.
>> Do you think this photo is real?
>> I think it's real. Uh I'm not sure how
it uh ended up there. But I talked with
her a couple of times and uh I mean she
didn't fake it anyway. I think she is
really doing this because she's curious
about it. She don't understand.
>> She seems very earnest to you and not no
grifting or lying vibes.
>> Absolutely not. Uh she helped us with
the picture and no problem with that. I
mean it's like this very famous picture
you know this with Elizabeth this little
girl sitting there with nice dress
>> and her father out in this uh mo there
were only them his wife little girl took
the picture and when he got it back from
the photographer
the business you could see this creature
standing behind Elizabeth. So the guy
who developed this said, "Wow, I'm
sorry, but this nice picture of
Elizabeth is ruined. Somebody stand
behind her." It's called the astronaut
because it looks like an astronaut and
nobody knows how it ended up there out
on this more only them only three of
them free horizon.
>> Wow. What are the most because if you
look at the free Edgar Mitchell, you
know, database in in the US of abductees
or experiencers
over 50%
uh experience humanoid creatures.
>> Uh so so creatures that you know seem to
be bipedal walking upright uh almost
very similar to humans in many ways.
>> Is that similar to what you experience
in Scandinavia? I mean we got stories
from people that have seen like box like
entities floating.
So you get it all. If you are into this
for a couple of decades
>> wow
>> you will find that this is more complex.
It's not only humanoids.
>> So interesting. So yeah alien is such a
simplistic. It's such an
oversimplification.
>> I think so.
>> The idea it's like oh we're not alone.
and they're out in space and they've
come here.
>> It makes us understand it and we want to
understand strange things.
>> Yes. Well, it's true. I mean, when you
look at, you know, it's funny. Everybody
references in the US
>> uh the 2017 article from Leslie Kaine
which outed, you know, OAP or whatever
the the program at Skinwalker Ranch from
2007 to 2012. And before that, you had
Bigalow studying at Skinwalker Ranch.
>> And everybody talks about that like, oh,
that's the official alien investigation
program. And if you look at what they
were doing at Skinwalker Ranch, it's
like they're picking up weird
electromagnetic signals.
>> There are poltergeists. There's like a
werewolf. And that's how some of the
anti-UFO people try to show. They think
it's like all crazy or whatever.
>> But it's actually just a way less simple
phenomena than, you know, you can you
can't memeify it into this simple, you
know, it's just a gray alien and they're
from Zeta Reticuli. they're going to
appear at some point in the future. It's
this game of whack-a-ole and it's deeply
embedded with human consciousness as
well.
>> Good summary. I think I mean you must
really look very broad
>> at this and that's why I have you here.
It's not only only UFO library.
>> It's about the unknown.
>> So how do you make cuz you have done
this herculean effort where you have 16
of the room that we're in which is
filled to the brim with documents.
How do you make progress in a field
where what we just described, it's
almost like Decart's demon where your
whole perceptive apparatus, everything
you see is at the discretion of possibly
some of these entities showing up in
random places. And it's like how do you
progress in a field where it's like
we're chimps and we're trying to study
humans, you know, how do you how do you
progress?
>> It is very difficult to do that.
>> Yeah. So most eupfologist are looking at
the particular small part of the subject
>> and if you do like this you will never
get ready with what you're doing
>> right
>> because it's so very much more complex
than you thought from the beginning. So
most euphologists are saying okay this
is not interesting I'm looking at that.
>> Yes. And I think that's not the way
forward really.
>> But even
beyond that, like I look at like uh you
know, Jacques Valet who we were talking
about earlier,
>> one of the best theorists on the topic,
you know, French godfather of a lot of
modern research. Amazing guy and
>> you know on par with you as far as all
your encyclopedic knowledge. He,
you know, like if you you read some of
his early books like Invisible College
or something from 1975,
>> are we that much farther as far as the
theory as to what's happening
>> than he was then?
>> No, I don't think so.
>> I don't think so either.
>> That's sad really.
>> It is.
>> Uh and it's it's really impossible to
get further because it's so huge.
>> Yes.
>> And there is no really good uh
scientific approach to this.
>> Yes. Yet we have certain scientists that
are interested in this, but they're
looking at their small bits and pieces
as well.
>> Would one new scientific model involve
um you know science is supposed to be
you were supposed to be this impartial
observer
>> and then you have the observed and
there's you know clear distinct
separation between those two
>> but maybe in this new model your own
consciousness or orientation towards the
subject somehow matters.
>> Absolutely. I met with um a friend of
mine who is a doctor and he's also very
much into the human consciousness
research.
>> He's done research on twins and see what
happen if a twin is hurt and if the
other is affected
>> and he found that yes there are clear
indications that twins are interacting
without knowing that.
>> Wow. And he really says to me that the
human consciousness is a big part even
of the UFO phenomena.
>> It has to be
>> and I think so as well.
>> Yes.
>> Are you familiar with studies in
parasychology and that sort of thing
>> because if there is some sort of mind
matter interaction then that obviously
has to affect you know what what we see.
>> Yeah. We know so little about what's
inside our heads.
>> Yes.
>> Gray mass but that's not the answer. Do
you think, you know, when you speak to
Jacqu Valet, he says, you know, I would
be very disappointed to find that uh
these were just beings from another
planet.
>> From my own point of view, I'm going to
be very disappointed if UFOs turn out to
be nothing more than visitors from
another planet because I think they
could be something much more
interesting.
>> It doesn't have to do as much with space
as it might have to do with space-time
itself or time. seems like time travel
is this big theme in a lot of his
writings and you know when he speaks and
stuff is that something you've thought
about at all or consider
>> absolutely I don't think the answer to
the UFO question is one
>> I think there are many different answers
on different parts of this huge complex
so it's very hard for say a scientist to
approach this with an astronomer
>> they will only look at this very small
There need to be a a group of of
scientists and eupfologists or whatever
doing this together.
>> Time travel [music] sections.
>> Time travel. There's a time travel
section.
>> No. What? Time and time travel.
What?
Time loops in [music] space twists.
Let's
>> see if I can find a Wendle steel and
stuff.
had or
>> I have no not a clue. Oh, now I will
crush but
>> crush
you can spare him. [laughter]
>> This is the NASA scientist. [music]
>> Oh wow,
>> dude.
>> So you can see here if you read the
labels here
>> corless.
>> Yeah, William Corless. He wrote this
series of books called source book
project.
>> Ah
>> only about enigmas.
>> So
>> so here you can see like psychology his
working papers. Then he passed away and
uh I I contacted his widow and it took
me a couple of years.
>> Was he at all like was there any part of
his official work at NASA that over
overlapped with UFOs? It was just a
hobby.
>> Yeah, that's a hobby.
>> This is what they look like.
>> Biological anomalies, mammals. Oh my
god, this guy's a genius.
>> Yeah.
>> Who is this guy?
>> He was a genius.
>> This is amazing.
>> We corresponded for many years. Then he
passed.
>> Wow. And then I I wrote to his uh state
>> got in contact with his his son
>> and his wife was 90 plus.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And she started to compile everything in
order for us.
>> Wow.
>> And we sent two pallets from the US.
>> Oh, she's amazing.
>> Yeah. And this behind you here is the
oldest UFO group in the world,
Borderland Science Research Association,
>> B S A.
>> What? That's the most interesting UFO
organization cuz they knew, you know,
they knew about crashes sometimes before
they would happen. Like there's
something very interesting about them.
They were new more than intelligence ina
certain cases in the ' 40s.
>> Yeah.
>> About stuff.
>> They were first first.
>> So what what's their deal? Cuz they were
funded by that guy, the mysterious guy.
What's his name? He was like an
occultist and like a magician and
>> Yeah. So, oh, it's so And then they had
they had all the early stuff around UFOs
before intelligence agencies did.
>> I went to Eureka, California.
>> I met with this guy in his garage
>> and we packed it all together and sent
it back to Sweden.
>> Wow. And you have Tesla and what is
this? Brown and Buridge.
>> It's probably correspondents.
>> Who's Brown?
>> Maybe Thompson Brown. I'm not sure. You
can take a look. I don't I don't know.
The immortal cell.
>> Ron Brown.
>> Ron Brown. Oh, it's Oh, Towns in Brown.
>> Yeah,
>> you can take a look and see what this
is.
>> It happened to me in the woods. I was
hiking solo. New year, no phone, no
gear. I was just trying to find myself.
That's when I saw it. Something glowing,
silent, descending through the trees. A
UFO. And stepping out from it wasn't an
alien or an android. It was me, but
better. Same face, same great hair, but
something was different. This guy had
perfect posture. He was wearing the
perfect jean. And they start at just
$79. Six fits. Sizes for every thigh on
this timeline and beyond. Now 2026 me
wears the perfect jeans. They don't
crush my thighs or my dreams. They're
soft but dangerous. For a limited time,
our listeners get 15% off their first
order plus free shipping at the perfect
gene.nyc
or just Google the perfect gene and use
code jesse15
for 15% off. That's 15% off for new
customers at the perfectgene.nyc
with promo code jessi15. After you
purchase, they'll ask you where you
heard about them. Please support our
show and tell them we sent you your
khakis and get the perfect gene. TT
Brown electrokinetic generator. Here,
look. That's amazing.
Patent office for the electrokinetic
generator. Well, the Borderland Society,
they had connections with Brown. They
had some apparatus still left in the
garage that I couldn't bring,
>> but I'm not sure if they functioning,
>> but I think they are still left in
Eureka.
>> Really? What apparatus?
>> Yeah, I don't really know. It's like big
boxes with switches.
>> Really? What?
>> Yeah,
>> I want to check that out. I'm more
interested in him than anyone else.
>> Yeah, I understand. I I read a book
about him just a couple of months ago.
>> The man who mastered gravity.
>> Yeah.
>> What did you think?
>> I think it was fascinating. It's
fascinating, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Isn't he the most interesting man alive?
>> So many mysteries around him.
>> He was on to something. I think so.
>> I think so.
>> Yeah.
>> I think there's something very
interesting about him.
>> Towns and brown.
>> There's a guy named Towns and Brown.
>> Okay. Okay. Towns and brown. I want to
look that up.
The holy grail of physics involves the
unification of the four fundamental
forces which includes finding a missing
link between electromagnetism and
gravity. Einstein actually spent the
latter half of his career trying to
solve for this mathematically. It is my
belief that this spooky inventor may
have experimentally discovered this
long-saw link. They're all going against
the wind.
>> Which UFO case impacted you the most and
changed your life the most? Uh I grew up
with the Bonnie and Betty Hill case of
course and that was hugely important to
me and when I met Betty many years ago
in the early middle of the 80s I got a
quite new view on her. So it's important
to meet with the witnesses.
>> What was your new view on her when you
met with her? Yeah. Well, I was uh most
euphologists and if you read the books,
it says that Betty Hill was not
interested in UFOs at all before the
encount encounter Dian had.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But she was
>> really
>> and not but not not only that she told
me that she was sitting on the porch
together with her her I think it was
sister whatever it was relative and
something came crossing the sky and
crashed and they went out on in the
field and brought back debris what
>> from this crashed object
>> few years ago before this happened this
was in the 50s
>> I was over here in name visiting with
the family and it was a warm night and
we're sitting outdoors on the porch when
we saw what we thought at that time was
a plane
>> very slowly going across the sky and
while we're watching it exploded midair
and burned
now we said you know we've seen a plane
blow up
>> we turn on the radio and turned on the
TV. Nothing.
>> Well,
up to my by my mother's,
my nephew had seen this burning debris
come down from the sky
>> and he watched it and when it cooled
off,
he got some of that. And my sister gave
some pieces to me and said, "No, we
don't know what it is. Maybe
uh I had some friends at the
university." M
>> maybe you could get someone to analyze
it.
So I had all these pieces
and I had them in the closet there on
the top shelf
and you know I didn't find anybody to
analyze them.
>> So just before about 4 days before we
left to go on the trip Barney said
what's that stuff above the top shelf?
Why don't just throw it away? We could
use the shelf. Well, I was having some
fill put in the backyard. So, I took the
pieces and I threw them in the backyard.
And when they dumped the sand, they
covered them.
>> And about 3 days later, we go on the
trip.
>> Really? Betty Hill.
>> Yeah. And she brought it
>> before her encounter.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Everything is still out
there in the garden if you
>> Oh, so we got to go to her house. You
must dig there.
>> I will.
>> Yeah. It's not her house anymore. So,
>> but it's in in New Hampshire.
>> It's in Portsmouth.
>> In Portsouth. New Hampshire. No way.
>> So, that story you can listen to at TF's
website. I have this conversation with
her. It's in in in writing and you can
hear her voice telling this as well. But
the bottom line is she was very much
into UFOs.
>> That's fascinating. We got to go dig.
>> And not a single you follow this really
cares about this. They don't want to
know this.
>> Her granddaughter is a UFC fighter.
Yeah. And I think she's friends with Joe
Rogan and has gone on the show. So maybe
>> contact her.
>> Say, "Hey, who are the residents of the
current house? This is under We go dig
and find this thing." You're wearing
this epic Betty and Barney Hill.
>> Oh jeez.
>> Oh jeez. First abductees. 1961.
>> No, I know his granddaughter.
>> Yeah. She Angela Hill, right? She's UFC
fighter.
>> Yeah.
>> So cool.
>> Crazy.
>> What does she say? She did my podcast
and didn't tell me until after the
podcast was over.
>> Joey's grandfather was Barney Hill. I
was like, "No, [laughter] that's mad.
>> That's amazing.
>> You should do that." She was a lovely
lady, I should say,
>> and she told a very interesting story.
And also, when she drove the object to
me, uh, it looks like a box with sharp
edges and big windows and a brim like a
like a hat.
>> Wow.
And you believed her? Did you feel like
she was being honest with you?
>> Yeah, she was absolutely honest with me.
And uh uh as I said, she was a very nice
lady. She treated us with a sponge cake
and we were there all the day and talk
with her.
>> So, but it complicated the story.
>> Yeah. Just for the audience, the core
story is in 1961, Betty and Barney Hill,
they were an interracial couple and they
were ACLU activists actually and they
were on a road trip from I think it was
like Niagara Falls or they were in
Canada and they were coming back down to
New Hampshire
>> and on the way uh they see this craft
and it's flying around and I believe
there's audio and we'll play the audio
for the audience but um like Barney
starts to like go after the saucer like
Almost like it's like he's locked into
it and it's like she's afraid and wants
to keep going
>> and then he's very afraid after that. So
>> he don't want to pursue it.
>> I'll take my head. Pull the bodac away.
God give me strength.
>> All right.
>> Pull him down. [laughter] Run. PULL
THESE DOWN AND LET GOD.
Give me I got to get away.
So anyways, they meet these beings. They
say they're from Zeta Reticuli. Uh they
have these uniforms on these little gray
beings. They get taken up on the craft
reluctantly. I I believe Barney then
admits that he like um samples were
taken like gametes were taken, sperm
cells from him.
>> So it almost felt like some sort of like
experiment being done on them.
>> They checked on his teeth and there were
false teeth because he had false teeth.
>> Ah interesting. They came running into
Betty and asking, "Oh, what what's it
that
>> interesting?"
>> That's the interesting thing about those
aliens. They don't seem to know anything
about anything. [laughter]
>> I mean, you should think that they
should know,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> But they're tr in in that account, it
almost sounds like they're truly trying
to figure out what's going on. It's not
like it's like this uh routine thing.
But they also do this pregnancy test on
on Betty with a needle
>> and that was old here at that point
really. I mean
>> it's not very high tech.
>> Nobody does that anymore. So why do
alien from sitically
use a method that is ancient?
>> What do you think?
>> I think this is not visitors in that way
and this was only told during hypnosis.
>> Yes. later.
>> They never really uh remembered it in
the waking.
>> So what do you think they had an
encounter with?
>> That's very hard to tell. But I think
that that just all those stories are
much more complicated. Much more
complicated. She was a firm believer in
aliens visiting Earth,
>> right?
>> And she told Barney about her interest
in that and he didn't like that at all.
But it's almost like that interest might
have shaded their perception of what
happened to them when in fact what
happened to them was much more
complicated. I mean if the beings said
we're from Zeta Reticuli that does point
>> Well they didn't say that because that
was the the star map. That's
>> she drew a star map. That's right. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
>> And that star map is of course you can
do that with lots of stars, right?
>> So it's not
>> but they said we're from another star
system. Yeah.
She asked about this map on the wall and
they told her that this was u commercial
lines where they were traveling to make
uh
>> make business.
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
>> I believe um have you read American
Cosmic by Diana Pulka or are you
familiar with it? Yeah. So she talks
about um the CBS show outer limits
playing uh
>> at that time really
>> playing 11 days premiering 11 days
before this encounter that Betty and
Barney had
>> show and the crashed metal debris in her
cupboard
>> that had happened before
>> so many things before. So we cannot
really be sure exactly how they
interpreted things during hypnosis.
>> Right. Well, Pulka also says that the
aliens in Outer Limits have eyes that
wrap around their heads and that's what
they see as well. So, it's almost as if
their perception is somewhat shaded by
Yeah. maybe their preconceived notions
and knowledge.
>> Yeah.
>> So interesting.
>> Yeah. You know, also another weird fact
about that case is CD Jackson, Charles
Douglas Jackson, who ran psychological
warfare and was very involved in MK
Ultra and then went on to I believe give
the Suprater film which is the you know
John
>> film of JFK getting shot with the
missing frames. He gives that to Time
magazine because he's very involved in
sort of a
>> perception management for the public at
the time. He's head of the psychological
strategy board um with Gordon Gray and a
few other guys at the time. He goes and
visits Betty and Barney Hill a few weeks
after their abduction.
>> Okay.
>> So interesting. It's like, so it was
already like
>> you're talking about the elite of the
elite of American warfare operations,
you know, a guy who's very high up in
government going to visit these two
abductees. So strange in 1961.
>> Yeah. Wow.
>> I don't know.
>> It's not easy, you know.
>> It's not easy, but I think we have to
find that artifact.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Have you been digging for any other
artifacts? Are there any other objects?
>> Yeah, we have. Here in Sweden, we have
been up in the north. Uh there was a guy
who said that he was a a young boy.
>> He met these craft and aliens outside
his house
>> and he got this thing from them, some
sort of metallic tablet.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And he uh he hid it. He hid it on the
ground and we went there together with
him trying to find it.
>> Wow.
>> But we couldn't find it.
>> Really?
>> No.
>> Is there anything? Have you ever found
any objects that you think are
>> No, we haven't. the only one that I
showed you. I mean, things like that,
but not any bonafide smoking gun thing
like that.
>> Do you believe that humans have in their
possession on the civilian side, objects
that might be from these beings,
whatever entities we're interacting
with, because as you know, Jacqu Valle
publishes his mailing address online.
Yeah.
>> People will mail him pieces. And
recently Gary Nolan actually just went
on Joe Rogan Experience and you know one
of the pieces came from Ubatuba Brazil
where this explosion occurred on the
beach and this fisherman
>> magnesium
>> exactly magnesium with extremely
>> anomalous isotope ratios.
>> It also read that there were such things
at that time.
>> Well I think it would have been possible
to have created but you would have
needed a centrifuge. Yeah. And why the
hell would somebody with a centrifuge,
>> you know, give a piece of metal to
somebody in Brazil on the beach to mail
to Jacqu? It just feels a little crazy.
But
>> And why do you build a spaceship with
magnesium? It doesn't really It's not
very good to travel in.
>> Oh, I'll tell you why you'd be in a
spaceship with magnesium.
>> Okay?
>> Cuz magnesium bismouth is a high K
dialectric.
>> So it stores a lot of electromagnetic
charge and it discharges it very
quickly. Oh,
>> and so if you look at like um you know
my belief is the anti-gravity or gravity
manipulation effect is the biffield
brown effect named after towns and brown
>> and if you put a high gate K dialectric
insulator in between two capacitors one
negative and one positive electrode
>> the thrust increases dramatically the
higher the K the dialectric. So all of
his papers include uh it's two things.
It's um berium aluminum barerium and
magnesium bismouth
>> and so and and and bismouth uh
specifically is this big this big really
important part but I don't know maybe
magnesium itself has some some issues
with it.
>> Yeah magnesium itself is not good but if
this alloy maybe something different.
Well, it seems like the what he found
had uh it was like micron layers thinner
than a human hair.
>> Bismouth layers less than a human hair,
magnesium samples about 10 times the
size of a human hair.
>> And so it's extremely thinly aligned.
And I think you get these topological
insulators like that where when you
excite them, you seem to have electron
coherence occur at scale and you get
these very sort of anomalous effects.
And you even have aerospace looking into
some of these these things. So
>> why do they explode over Yubatuba?
>> So that the speculation on Gary Nolan's
part is that that was the exhaust that
was that it's almost like the the
byproduct of the craft. And who knows,
you know, but
>> so the exhaust should spit out metallic
debris.
>> Yeah. I don't know. Is it something that
they're using and they need that ratio
to accomplish something or is it a
byproduct of an of an effect that where
they take the natural things and then
they're doing something And this ends up
being the outcome. And then when they're
done with it, they go and they throw it
out.
>> Do you hope to find a material? Do you
think you can or
>> uh I hope of course, but I'm not sure I
can.
>> Yeah.
>> But if there is a report, we will of
course go there and try to find it. We
are mostly focused on finding uh recent
ghost rocket crashes. M
>> I mean in 1980 there was a landing and
an object that um sank in a lake up in
the very north of Sweden called Damaya
>> and we have been there and we have radar
returns that something is in the mud.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Amazing.
>> Yeah. So
>> when are you going to go look?
>> We will be there again next year.
>> That's exciting.
>> So hopefully we can find something. Two
very good witnesses.
>> Wow. in the middle of the day. Uh and uh
they could see this object coming below
100 m.
>> Yeah.
>> Flying over them. They follow it over
the lake and it turns around 180.
>> Yeah.
>> Towards them, lands with a splash
and sinking and bubbles are coming up
and then it's gone. And then they take
out the camera from the rug sack and
take a picture. Of course, it's gone.
But uh they take a picture 2 minutes
after the object is gone. They go back
to uh Stockholm.
>> Mhm.
>> And contacts the military. And the
military's UFO expert at that time,
Studio Vicage, he really looks into
this, tried to find an explanation, but
uh they couldn't do that. And they sent
a helicopter over the lake. And I met
one of the pilots and they told me this
is a natural park national park. You're
not allowed to land there. But suddenly
one of the passengers felt sick.
>> Yeah.
>> So their lands ah uh and they can see
dead fish
>> on the on the near the shore. So they
take the fish with them and think wow
this is atomic power some radioactivity
I killed the fish. But it was it was
only a parasite.
>> Ah,
>> and we found the same dead fish when we
came there many many years later.
>> So just a parasite.
>> Yeah. But the object is there. It's 4 m
of mud.
>> And our expert who went with us said if
you see something it will be not at the
bottom of the lake.
>> Yeah.
>> But in between 2 mters and exactly there
we got this return from an object that
is still resting there. Really?
>> We don't know what it is. But uh
>> but there is some object. Do you know
the do you know the shape of the object?
>> No, we only saw it in two dimensions. So
next trip we will look in three
dimensions.
>> Wow.
>> We are not allowed to bring anything
with us from this national park because
it's a natural park.
>> Yeah.
>> So if we find something, we cannot bring
it up.
>> Well, if you need any extra media media
coverage or help in any way, I would
love to come. [laughter]
>> I call you.
>> That sounds amazing. It is amazing and
this is a very good observation and we
have several cases like that that
objects have like in Norway flying very
very low
>> turning navigating landing sinking
>> interesting and it's always seems to be
in water
>> always water and the thing is which I
didn't really think about until recently
that all those observations around water
of course people are living there it's
summer they are out is good observation.
I mean they could see over the lake but
not a single one has seen any object
flying over the lake and not landing.
>> Every single observation ends with a
crash or a landing, not a flyby.
>> It's so interesting. Why do you think
that is?
>> I mean they want to land. They want to
crash. They want to pinpoint the lake.
That's for sure. And I'm not sure why
they they do this. Do you think it's
fuel?
>> Uh, I mean they're running out of fuel.
>> No. Do you think water is their fuel?
>> Oh, you mean that?
>> Because you know the bonds between
hydrogen and oxygen H2O
uh are impossible to break from a human
perspective. But if you were able to
amount the energy necessary to break
them, then they would be extremely
energetic
reaction that could, you know, power a
craft. I think it's like driving your
car into a gas station full of power and
trying to get some petrol.
[laughter]
>> Yeah, fair enough.
>> I mean, they should land and be there
for a while and then fly away,
>> right?
>> But they're either crashing straight
down.
>> Yeah.
>> Or landing quite hard.
>> Yeah. But it might be hard from our
perspective and it might be
>> we can always
>> refueling. I I just Who knows? You know,
>> it's interesting. I mean they do water
just seems like this very important
element you know the idea that they're
transmedium
>> and it is important it is not a single
object has crashed on land in Sweden or
Norway
>> that's amazing yeah the fact that they
literally only the ghost rocket
phenomena but you're saying cuz we
talked about this the other week
>> you're saying that it was it's not just
the ghost rocket phenomena that only
hits the water you're saying all UFOs
>> have only hit landed in the water in in
Sweden generally
>> Sweden, Scandinavia.
>> In Scandinavia.
>> Yeah.
>> So post 4647
all UFOs.
>> That's amazing.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, it is. Wow.
>> That's so interesting.
>> And it's all nearly always 11:00 July,
clear weather, hot weather.
>> That's what you said last time. It's so
wild.
>> So strange.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean there's definitely
some selection bias based on or observer
bias because that's when people are on
their lakeouses. yet to see some flybys.
>> Yeah, it's weird.
>> I don't They only see those landings and
crashes.
>> That's so strange.
>> But we have only a small sample. I mean,
maybe 30.
>> Still, that's a
>> Yeah,
>> the fact that you I mean, that's enough
to
>> That's that's that's a really important
trend.
>> Um, you were just given access to
incredibly sensitive DoD archives here
in Sweden.
>> Yeah.
>> What did you see? I've been looking for
the files from a very important
military,
customs, police operation in the early
1970s. They are still to be released in
2040, but I just the other day got the
clearance to to to get them cleared.
>> And did you see them?
>> Yeah, I looked through them, but I would
get a copy of them in a week or two.
>> Well, what did you what did you see? The
interesting thing is that I found uh one
observation that I knew the observer,
this helicopter pilot, he was on standby
looking for the trespassers that were
flying in from Norway to Sweden in
nighttime. Very strange object.
Sometimes uh aircraft with no
signatures, no lamps, nothing. But this
night he got an order to lift and go up
to with his helicopter trying to
intercept an object coming from Norway
and he and his co-pilot which I will
talk to next week. He uh was flying 20 m
over the treetops and it was moonshine,
it was uh um snow. So it was very very
good seeing and suddenly this object
coming flying under the helicopter over
the treetops and this small passage of
20 m
and straight up in front of them
[clears throat] an elongated rocketlike
thing with no wings, no lights, nothing
and it just flies away. And it it told
me that I did like this. I lifted my
feet because it was so near our
helicopter.
>> Wow. Oh,
>> and now when I got those documents, I
found this report. Um, I could see the
radar plot where they are intersecting
their paths and also the the note from
the military.
>> So, it's picked up by radar.
>> Yeah.
>> Wa.
>> And you see the radar plot where the
object is intersecting with this guy's
helicopter.
>> Yeah.
>> That's amazing.
>> Yeah. And they land after this. They're
landing.
>> What? and the security the military
security uh personnel uh comes and and u
debrief them and he tells a story and
they went went away.
>> What was the shape of the object?
>> It was an elongated rocket like thing
with no wings.
>> So similar to the ghost rockets
>> typical ghost rocket.
>> Typical ghost rocket. What year was
this?
>> Uh 1975
November the 7th.
>> How fast was it moving the object? It
was much faster than the helicopter, but
they had plenty of time to see it
because of the moon and the snow on the
ground.
>> That's amazing because in the US you
have, you know, the kind of one of the
holy grail events is the tic-tac
incident at Nimmits in 2004
>> and you don't have radar data for that.
You have forwardlooking infrared which
is kind of controversial and they say
that the radar data ended up getting
classified. In this case, you have an
eyewitness and you were able to see
corroboration from the DoD archives.
>> Yeah.
>> That this object intersected this
helicopter
>> at this time. That's amazing.
>> And I will talk to his co-pilot in a in
a couple of days and get his view as
well. So, we had two witnesses
documentation and uh what I'm looking
for now is of course the security
personnel's
notes.
>> Wow. Uh I have no access to them and I
think I will not have any access to
them.
>> Well, how would you get that?
>> I I will try to get it but um
>> how would you get the security
personnel?
>> Uh I know people that works within the
war archives.
>> Okay.
>> And uh they can help me to say if it's
there
>> to see if like he was actually debriefed
when he came down and stuff.
>> I'm sure he was because all operation
was built on that that you were
debriefing people after
>> all those events there. And did you and
you've spoken to this witness firsthand.
>> Yeah, firsthand. And I talked to this
helicopter pilot uh just a couple of
days ago.
>> Yeah.
>> As soon as I found find those uh
documentations,
>> Yeah.
>> I called him and said, "Okay, now I know
which date it was and I can see
>> that they made this note that an object
passed very close to the helicopter
>> and this is being declassified for
everybody. At what point will this be
released to the public? Yeah, I mean it
will be uh
>> when I'm getting it, it will be.
>> And so what when when will that be? When
this will be released?
>> In a couple of weeks, I think. Uh it all
depends on how much they have to do uh
scanning.
>> Is is the pilot in Stockholm?
>> No.
>> Where is the pilot?
>> He's far away from here, so to say.
>> In Sweden, though.
>> He's a really nearer Norway than
Stockholm. In Sweden. Yeah. Damn.
>> The other the other pilot is in
Australia.
>> Okay.
Wow.
Amazing. Well, that that seems like an
unprecedentedly important case.
>> It is. It is a good case and u I hope
that I can really find all the pieces
here.
>> Do you have any other cases like that
where you have radar corroboration for
uh an eyewitness sighting? Because that
seems like very important.
>> Yeah, we do have I've seen with my own
eyes military radar UFO.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> You've seen with your own eyes.
Military. And when was that and what's
the context?
>> It was I think in 2005. It's what we
call the first mobile picture of UFO in
Sweden. It was two guys up in this uh
cottage in the very north of Sweden.
They were sitting playing card
and they hear a strange noise. So they
they went out and they saw this very
illuminated object coming towards them
and it's uh moving around this cottage.
So one of them get this mobile phone and
take a picture and you can see it's a
very bright object with that flashes
around but that's probably a lens flare
but it's a very bright object and it
flies around the cottage and then it
vanishes.
So I go to the uh the military radar
unit which is very this is very secret.
You cannot just go there but I know
people and I can see the radar returns
from this event. You can see the object
coming going around.
>> So yeah that's a case you can cooperate.
>> That's absolutely incredible. Have you
seen so you don't have UFO material?
Have you seen the remnants of a UFO?
Just like you showed me that little
piece of rock where it's interacted with
a local physical environment in some
way.
>> Okay.
>> Because you told me last time about um
lily pads being affected by ghost
rockets. And so you're showing that it's
interacting with the physical
environment. Radar is obviously
>> reflecting radio waves. And so that's
like it's a really important, you know,
>> and I interviewed six uh people at the
radar station in the very north of
Sweden.
>> Oh, really?
>> I found them one by one. They were there
in the winter of 1973, 1974.
Uh at that point, they had left this uh
mountain, you know, they're deep inside
the mountain. They are up on the surface
at the lunch and they are looking out
around and suddenly they see over the
treetops this cigar shaped object moving
like like this. Uh so they are running
down into the radar equipments and look
and they can see the object on their
radar screens and it's doing 90°
angles like this. Wow. And suddenly it
flies away over Norway and straight up.
And uh every one of those six I found
them during several years are telling
the same story.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> All six.
>> That's amazing. Do you have them all on
camera and stuff or
>> No, I have them on tape only. But uh
>> Well, that's good. The problem is that
they told me that their commander in the
mountain
>> they were asked by him to take pictures
of the radar screen. So they did.
>> Yeah.
>> But I have not found them.
>> I don't know where they can be.
>> Is the tape published on your website or
>> No, no, I never published the tape. I
written about them in my books and
things like that.
This is Her Evans and his wife Mary
Evans. They run this uh they have passed
away now but it's still Mary Evans
picture library. You can buy pictures.
One of the biggest picture archives in
England.
>> Cool. So, and half of the books you see
here comes from Hillary.
>> Look at these books. Some of these are
beautiful.
>> Yeah. Those are the the class 6 ones.
Really?
>> Yeah. Frederick WH Meyers.
>> Yeah,
>> I I have that book. And we have it in
very early editions. And
>> you know what inspired him to write this
book?
>> I don't remember now.
>> Jesus's resurrection. He wanted to prove
it
>> using science.
>> Well, he didn't manage that.
>> William James was a president of Society
for Cyclical Research, but he was close
with William James and part of that.
[music]
>> You know what this is?
>> Yeah, of course.
What do you think of this?
>> Uh, I think it's something military, but
not what the conspiracy theories
>> conspiracy theorists think that this is
weather modification, weather control.
>> Yeah. If they doing that, they doing it
very badly.
>> Speaking of conspiracy theorists, you
wrote a whole book on solar flares.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what do you think of solar flares?
People say that now we have very high
solar activity and that the
magneettosphere of the earth might be
weakening.
>> The magnetic poles are shifting. That's
proven. Yes, but the Charles Hapg good
that that creates this sort of
cataclysm.
>> No, not Charles Hapgood's theory really,
but the science theory is really solid
and it could be problematic when it
happens.
>> Interesting
>> because every every gadget you have like
uh trying to navigate with would be
topsy.
>> Yeah. And some of the solar events in
the past, like the 1859 Carrington
event, would wipe everything out. If
>> if that happens today,
>> it'd be
very devastating. You'd have no
electronics, no Wi-Fi, no Yeah. Your
grid would be down, no running water.
>> Yeah.
>> And we don't have the spare parts.
>> So, it would take months and months and
months to rebuild the electrical system.
Do you think that uh solar flares send
with them a message or there's any sort
of intelligent you know there's a a
scientist in uh the UK he's in London in
Hamstead outside of London named Rupert
>> Sheldrake and I know about him
>> he writes about the sun being conscious.
>> Yeah.
>> He wrote a Gaia book in the 1970s and I
grew up with that and I know about
Rupert Sheldrick very well.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh no I don't think the sun is
conscious. I think it's a star.
>> Uhhuh. And the star does what the star
does.
>> Yeah.
>> And the earth is not important to the
star.
>> Yes. But okay, if I were to push back,
>> maybe the magneettosphere of the earth
is very important for all animal
morphology to grow correctly. Like you
could put uh frog embryo in a Faraday
cage and it won't grow correctly. If you
put it next to a Wi-Fi router, it won't
grow correctly. So there's something
about the Schuman resonance which
>> is part of the anthropic principle
allows things to grow and then the sun
creates the perfect amount of UV
radiation to create the perfect amount
of um mutations to allow for you know
you know biological evolution. Like if
if evolution were too fast it wouldn't
be adaptive and if it was too slow it
wouldn't be adaptive. And then now we
have this new physics that how put off
is exploring around the possibility of a
scalar field. The NASA and the DOE just
published a podcast around scalar
physics.
>> Yeah.
>> And so these scalar waves would get
produced by the sun and they move in
ways that are don't decay or attenuate
over spaceime like your traditional
transverse herzian wave. So you could
have some sort of communication
you know to life on earth via
>> I don't think it's communication I think
it's what the star does I mean every
star does things like that and they are
not aware of it they only do their thing
>> but of course it affects the life on
earth absolutely
>> yes but you could say something very
similar about a human through a
materialist reductionist lens you could
say We're ultimately we have the
illusion of consciousness but we're not
conscious
>> and so
>> you know we'll never know.
>> We'll never know. Of course,
>> I think it's quite a big difference
between us and the sun or
>> it's impossible to say though. I mean
clearly yes phenomenologically but um
>> you know are we anthro
anthropocentrically cutting off
consciousness you know at at a certain
scale because that's our scale.
>> Yeah. You know, I don't know.
>> We are a tiny fraction of the universe.
So,
>> yes,
>> this is my friend Frederick Gildal. He's
a good guy. He's in Copenhagen. Do you
know him?
>> No.
>> Ah, he's cool. Mar and I met him
actually. Um, was it it was two summers
ago. This was right before we did the
David Grush thing.
>> So, how many countries do you have files
from? Ooh,
I don't know. I have no answer to that.
But we have Japanese files for instance
and Russian files.
>> Wow.
>> I I went to Russia once trying to save
the KGB files.
>> And when I went there, it was uh
fightings in the street. There were uh
soldiers everywhere. They were shooting,
but we were able to find a guy who had
copies of some of the KGB files. Omar,
do you have any is there anything coming
up for you or
>> you clearly have spent the decades doing
this and I'm just curious why?
>> Yeah, why am I doing this? Because I'm
very curious about how our world
functions. I want to know what people
really see.
Uh I want to get to the bottom of this
mystery and I've done that on several
several cases. I know know what they
saw. But there are couple of hundred
cases during the years that I'm still
very baffled about. But uh I don't want
to prove anything. I have no axe to
grind. Uh I'm not a believer. I'm just a
curious researcher that uh I'm I'm aware
of that the answers could be something
quite different from what I thought from
the beginning. Is there something
autobiographical whether it's ex
synchronicities you experience something
in your own life that keeps you going
where when you thinking of maybe
stopping or quitting something
>> I'm quite stubborn you know
>> what's that
>> I'm stubborn
>> it sounds like you are
>> yeah and I'm a I'm a natural
researcher really from the beginning I'm
amateur astronomer and all that and
>> I was chosen the educator of the year
here in Sweden.
>> It's amazing.
>> So people know that I really trying very
hard.
>> And of course it's okay to believe, but
I want to know.
>> Yeah. And when you say no, what what is
that if you were to instantiate that in
something very specific?
>> Yeah. I want to know what happened
really.
>> I'm not sure. I want I can
>> So do you want an alien being to come
down and tell you? Do you want a
material? Do you want a material where
you're like this is definitely
>> in every single case? I want to know
what happened. Oh, that's tough, man.
>> Because
>> it's tough.
>> I even think about what people talk
about as disclosure. And it's like if if
a craft were right here and it had
isotope ratios that were weird and
technology that we don't really
understand as far as anti-gravity, some
you know, you know, heavy element
reactor thing.
What would that do for us? Like what
does that would
>> change everything? Of course.
>> It would change everything, but it would
be a thousand more questions. It
wouldn't be like, you know, your your
whole I want to know. It wouldn't be
like I know now. It'd be like you can
never tell me what is going on. It's
impossible. As you say, every knowledge
get some new questions.
>> Yeah, that's true. Knowledge
>> um questions grow at an exponent of your
knowledge growing. So it's like you
could think of knowledge like a like a
volume in like a cylinder or a sphere or
something. the more the sphere grows,
the the questions grow, you know, the
outside uh at an exponent.
>> Yeah.
>> And so it's the the more you know, the
less you know. And that that really
should be sort of with with everything,
but then you have these sort of
stoaltified fields, which is how you
know academia teaches it where it's like
there's this received wisdom and it's
like the law of thermodynamics and it's
like you get to the end of the chapter
and it's that's it, you know, end of it.
But nothing is that simple. I usually
say that we are standing at the very top
of a mountain of knowledge today.
>> Yes.
>> But the mountain is resting on this
mountain
>> that is even bigger.
>> Yes.
>> That is moving into the future.
>> That's beautiful.
>> And suddenly we are little higher up.
But there is always a new mountain. Are
there any philosophers in the UFO space
or even outside of UFOs who you think uh
speak most to the UFO question or
researchers that you're really inspired
by?
>> Yeah, I'm inspired by of course we had
said Shakali but
>> uh Chris Obeck
>> is a very very good researcher.
>> He's the best researcher when it comes
to old cases.
>> Yes,
>> he's fantastic. His books are fantastic
and one of his latest books uh called
saucers
>> shows that the saucer shape is so scarce
>> is not very much reported. Yes,
>> still people talk about flying saucers
sometimes and think that it should be
saucer like
>> but it's only a fraction of all the
observations are saucer like
>> yeah even uh if you look at like the
where the saucer came from you know the
Kenneth Arnold case it wasn't really
saucers they kind of look more like
Horton wing
>> yeah they were crescent
>> crescent yeah like ninja stars or
something
>> yeah yeah so it's interesting do do you
think Um, you know, Carl Jung wrote a
book about flying saucers. Are you
familiar with this?
>> Yeah, I read it. Yeah.
>> And he said that, you know, that was the
the mandala, which was the Sanskrit
symbol of psychic completeness is
represented in the UFO, the
>> archetype he talks about. And in a way,
I understand him, but I don't think he's
very important to you for research.
>> Yeah. But of course if you're living in
society in a society uh you are telling
the stories that society can manage to
listen to.
>> Yes.
>> And we are conforming all the time. So
it's not strange that it was airship in
the 1800s.
>> Yes.
>> And full fighters and then ghost rockets
and now spaceships. M
>> it's just that we are using the words we
have the most high tech thing we can
think of.
>> Yes.
>> So I don't think it must be anything of
that.
>> But what's also just John Mack you know
Harvard um you know head of the
psychiatry department there
>> he would say that the the tech we would
see would be at the bleeding edge of
what we could even create. So it is in
some ways
>> think really I think.
>> Yeah. So in some ways you are snapping
it to a grid and you have this meme in
your head and you're superimposing it on
what you understand.
>> But in other ways it's actually like
leading technology itself. Like airship
were just starting to be a thing but
they weren't really a thing.
>> No.
>> In the 1890s. So maybe they're inspiring
technological innovation.
>> And you can say the same about the
sci-fi writers, you know.
>> Yes. They have been leading
>> many of the guys who got us to the moon.
>> Yes.
>> They read the sci-fi first.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And they were inspired by that and
thought, "Wow, this could be done."
>> Yes.
>> So you need that element to be able to
take the next step.
>> You you absolutely do. And I think Yeah.
You need the mythological
element almost always supersedes the the
actual doing of the of the thing. M
>> but I think we've
lost that for at least a little period
after World War II maybe and now it
seems like things are speeding up again.
>> I mean after the World War II we were
occupied with other stuff really.
>> Yes.
>> Building the world again. So
>> yeah the dreaming were maybe put in the
drawer for for a while. Do you think
there's something about, you know, just
the space programs themselves
>> that interacts at all with the UFO
phenomena in a deeper way than meets the
eye?
>> I don't think so.
>> No, I don't think so.
>> Cuz you said you said you spent some
time with Edgar Mitchell, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, Edgar Mitchell is the um sixth man
to walk on the moon. Yeah, he uh Apollo
14 on the way back from the moon he had
this sort of parasychological conversion
where he
>> it's an experiment with the Swedish guy
really.
>> Ah really tell me about it.
>> Yeah they they had managed to put this
program that uh uh Edar Richard should
be sending
>> things and the other one was to pick
them up.
>> So like a typical
mind matter uh experiment where you have
a sender and a receiver.
>> Yeah. Okay. Okay.
>> But there are some problems with that
because the time frames were not they
were not followed as they should have
been.
>> But it was interesting that they did it
>> very and was it a successful experiment?
>> Uh not that successful.
>> Okay.
>> No no that's too bad.
>> He didn't didn't prove anything really.
No but it was done and that was very
interesting. And he started this society
afterwards Edgar Mitchell too that
worked with psychical things
>> the knowetic society. Yeah. What did you
learn anything when you spent time with
him?
>> Yeah, the thing he was very adamant
about was that not a single astronaut
had ever seen UFO in space.
>> I mean,
>> I'm not sure about that.
>> I'm sure he said it to me. So, I mean,
>> yeah, but maybe he knew them all,
>> but they all signed NDAs. And I don't
know if you know this James Fox story,
but um Buzz Aldrin, according to his
sister, had seen a UFO as a fighter
pilot in World War II. And
James Fox had heard rumors that he had
also experienced things in space. And so
he followed Buzz Aldrin all around the
world. Buzz Aldrin's like, "I'm in this
country. I'm in this country." And he's
paying for hotels in the different
countries just to interview Buzz Aldrin.
>> And he's about to get his interview.
He's staying at the Monte Carlo Hotel in
Monaco.
>> And um Buzz Aldrin says, "I'm not doing
the interview." I said, "What do you
mean you're not doing it?" was like, I I
can't do it. He's Paul Allen just
invested in SETI and he got labeled a a
UFO freak or something and I can't
jeopardize my initiative. I'm working
with Congress right now. I'm trying to
get money to develop a rocket that's
going to help put civilians into space.
I I can't do it.
>> He's implying that he has something to
say about UFOs, but if he did, it would
hurt his reputation.
>> Then he said he said, "How's my story
going to change anything anyway?" M
>> and I said, "Well, with all due respect,
sir, people of your caliber coming
forward really helps elevate this topic.
Your testimony would be paramount
>> to to do that." And remember, this was
in the '9s, right?
Yeah. It's probably late 90s. I I
thought I asked him, but yeah, it was a
while ago. And so, uh, he's like, "Well,
I can't I'm I'm sorry. It's not going to
happen." So, that I was devastated. Like
devastated. I mean, maybe we're reading
into it, right? But you never know. You
want to believe, but he's kind of
implying in that comment that
>> he has something to say about UFOs.
>> And so, and then there's speculation
obviously in American Cosmic
>> that, you know, astronauts sign NDAs for
a reason. You have this guy who now has
been outed, his name is Tim Taylor, is a
NASA mission controller
>> and he says, you know, uh, astronauts
are forced to say stay silent, but they
all see stuff in space. And so you have
more and more coming out about about
this. So but you think
>> I know a lot of astronauts and
cosmetics.
>> You do? Yeah.
>> And not a single one of them has said
anything like that.
>> Fair enough. Do you know any very well
or how like you know?
>> Yeah. I mean the Swedish ones I know
very well of course.
>> Okay.
>> I got to know Gamicha very well.
>> Uh I I met with a couple of the guys who
walked on the moon and a few maybe 10
cosmon outs from Russia.
>> Yeah. And uh
one of them told this story that he
fooled the other guy in the capsule when
he knocked his elbow in the capsule and
it produced those ice particles flow
flying out. Yeah.
>> And he said, "Wow, look there." Oh, wow.
It's a fleet of UFOs
>> that I know. But u I only tried to
comment on things that I really spent
time.
>> Do you know who Lev is? the uh one of
the fathers of the the Russian uh space
program.
>> No, I don't know.
>> So, his uh goddaughter is a woman named
Dr. Ia Whitley. I don't know if you're
familiar with her, but she's a space
psychologist and she sees a lot of
astronauts.
>> And she says they all see stuff in
space, too. So, I It's so interesting
because I you seem extremely hard-headed
and thorough. I mean, you're like the
most thorough guy ever. And so like I I
fully trust you when you say you know a
lot of
>> astronauts. From the horse's mouth.
>> Yeah. Me too.
>> From someone else who says, "Oh,
>> sure. Sure. Sure." Yeah. Yeah. No, I do
too. What's so strange about Edgar
Mitchell is Edgar Mitchell left behind
an estate and he had many papers in this
estate. One of the papers from the
estate is the Wilson memo which is now
talked about ad nauseium in American UFO
disclosure. you know, where you have
records of Eric Davis, who's a civilian
scientist, who's obviously extremely
well-versed in exotic propulsion and,
you know, UFO stuff related stuff,
>> and Admiral Thomas Wilson, who's head of
J2 Joint Chiefs, who's supposed to be in
charge of all, you know, military
technology,
>> and they're meeting outside of the EGNG
parking lot. And Thomas Wilson is livid
that he hasn't been read into UFO
programs.
>> That wasn't meant for public uh
consumption and that was released from
Mitchell's estate.
>> Mhm.
>> And um that was supposed to be destroyed
one year after Mitchell got a copy of it
as a courtesy from from who generated
it. and uh unfortunate that his kids
were sloppy and um and I guess Ed was
sloppy in that he didn't give any
instructions on what to do with that
document if if he should die, but he was
supposed to destroy that as far as I
understand.
>> It seems like Edgar Mitchell is
had some really interesting access.
>> He was very interested
>> in UFOs. Yeah, absolutely. Very
interesting.
>> Why did he if he goes to space none of
his colleagues see anything in space? He
does a couple of parasychology
experiments.
>> Why does he come back so high conviction
that you know
>> he was a believer even before? I mean
>> he was
>> yeah he was curious about this but he
didn't see anything and he says that
nobody else did. So
>> uh I only can tell what he told me.
>> What were the interesting things he told
you?
>> Now we talked a lot about he met Yori
Galler you know he did experiments Yuri
Geller
>> he was very much impressed by him. I met
Pedor Galler as well. I'm not impressed
by him at all. [laughter]
I have friends who do exactly the same
tricks as he can do.
>> Yeah. He seems like a bit of a con man.
>> He's a Yeah.
>> Well, he also go now he goes on Twitter
and he goes he goes Putin don't press
the button. He goes, I I had a vision
that you're going to. And it's like he's
been wrong so many times that it's like
>> nobody even care anymore. And I met with
James Randy. You know James Randy?
>> Yeah, of course. Yeah. We sat like this,
but even closer.
>> Yeah.
>> And he he bent his spoon in front of me.
I couldn't tell how he did it, but I
know how he how he did it. He bent it
like that. I couldn't see it.
>> Yeah.
>> But the thing he did, he put my my hand
over my watch. Yeah.
>> And then his hand over my hand and then
it moved it and it had it was 5 hours
like that.
>> Yep.
>> And we did it again and it was back to
the same time
>> as
interesting.
>> It's hard to do that. But uh
>> well he was amazing magician.
>> Yeah he was the amazing Randy.
>> The amazing Randy. But he he also I
don't know I think in some ways he could
have been a bit bad faith actor. Like
Yuri Geller is one of these things where
cases where you have the whole you know
the Princeton Parasychology Lab has a
whole
>> Yeah.
>> book on Yuri Geller and like they
studied him a lot. Andre Puharic brought
Yuri Geller to the states.
>> I think it was there Gishel met with
Yuri Geller.
>> Oh interesting.
>> Yeah. So I think there might have been
something interesting going on with him
from just a pure parasychology
perspective and then he also blew it out
of proportion had all this BS stage
magic that he was doing and then you get
the amazing James Randy with his prize
to you know be
>> but the most gullible people you can you
can ask for are the scientists.
>> You should put the
>> That's interesting. What what do you
mean I I kind of agree with you but what
do you mean by that? They are not
prepared to be to be fooled. They are
prepared to watch if they can see
something strange and measure it.
>> Ah,
>> so they think they're that reality is ah
that's so interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> So they're not they're not prepared for
a magic trick or something.
>> No. No.
>> Ah, that's a good that's so fascinating.
>> I like the way you you put that.
Anything else Edgar Mitchell told you?
>> We talk for hours and hours. I don't
remember now. I wrote a long article. I
think you can find the article in
English
>> uh if you are
>> looking for my name and Ed Mitchell.
>> Cool.
>> Because I published it and uh it's it's
out there.
>> That's f
>> but it was nice to have a long long talk
with him about everything that I was
interested in.
>> What what um UFO related meeting
impacted you the most?
>> Oh, that was hard. I mean when I was
young and my first investigations
I think that made the most impact on me
because there was this huge observation
near my hometown when I was 16. There
were lots of policemen and journalists
standing at the top of this mountain
watching for hours an object moving in
the south. And I was out uh behind my
house at the same time uh 100 kilometers
away and I also saw the object but they
didn't understand what it was and they
were so
uh excited about this. They made
drawings that was really fanciful and
there was so much speculation. Every
newspaper wrote about this and I knew
what it was.
>> I wrote to the newspapers. I was 16 and
I published my explanation.
It was the planet Jupiter. [laughter]
>> I saw it for hours and I was so scared
about this. Everyone took pictures of
it. They were printed in the newspapers
and I could compare the stars around
this object with my pictures taken the
same evening of Jupiter.
>> Why?
>> The same stars.
>> Why would they be so freaked out about
the planet Jupiter?
>> Because they didn't know what it was.
And
>> it doesn't normally show in the sky
there.
>> One guy, a civilian was there. He was an
Adamski believer.
>> Okay.
>> He was a true believer that Adamsky had
traveled in space with aliens. Yeah.
>> And he pointed to this object and said,
>> "Can't you see the windows?"
>> They were looking, "Yeah, yeah, we can
see the windows."
But what I could see were the moons, the
three moons that were
>> uh
>> Jupiter at that point.
>> That's unbelievable.
>> So he was impacting them and that was
very very good uh learning for me
>> that if you have a group of people, they
tend to see the same stuff
>> because you don't want to be the guy
that sports
>> deviates.
>> Yeah. Sports the party. So they're
crowd-like dynamics.
>> Absolutely. This was my my first big UFO
case.
>> That's so interesting. It's like Gary
Nolan where he got into becoming the UFO
scientist by debunking a case like the
the Otakama mummy or whatever. So at
what point you do that? You debunk this
case?
>> Yeah, I did.
>> And then at what point do you decide
you're going to dedicate your life to
UFO research?
>> I already decided that a couple of
months earlier. So this was just the big
case. But then I I I met a lot of people
with strange stories that was very much
more difficult to
>> interesting
>> to understand.
>> But why why did you decide that a couple
months earlier? What was the moment?
>> Uh I started a small youth for society
in my hometown called EU for Maristad.
>> Had you had an experience or
>> No, no, no, not at that time. I have not
seen anything. Uh I was just curious
about how everything works and what did
people see? I wanted to know what people
saw in the sky. Have you had an
experience since then? Uh
>> yeah. Yeah. I I had an experience
together with my wife in 1995, November
the 5th. We were out traveling by car.
It was uh midnight. We had been out
meeting with guys. I think it was a
birthday party. I was driving and Analy
was sitting beside me and we were just
coming into our the suburbs of
Stockholm. We were very near our house.
And there were two guys standing at the
bus stop waiting for the last bus. One
of them were pointing up in the sky.
Other one was looking. So I said to
Annalie, "Can you lean forward and see
what they were looking at?" And she did
that. But she said, "No, it's a
fantastic sky." It was It was a
brilliant starry sky. All the night we
were traveling back to Stockholm. So we
passed them and we [clears throat] were
quite near our house. So I parked the
car inside our garage and we went out
and I thought now I will take a look and
see if I can probably find out it was a
planet or whatever. So we scanned the
sky. They stood 1 meter
uh from each other and suddenly out of
the black in Gemini between Caster and
Pollocks,
not from the horizon, just bang
came three illuminated plus signs. Pum
bum bum. Wow. And they flew. They flew
over us and saw it immediately. So I
didn't have to say anything, but I said,
"Oh, did you see?" Yeah. Yeah. So we ran
after them around the corner because
they passed over our our roof and we
could see them flying over our neighbors
roof and and vanishing and they were
like glued together. It was a small
space be behind beside them but it so
they were glued together and they were
so easy to see.
>> When you say glued together
>> I mean they were moving exactly the same
speed. Three
>> different plus signs. Were they like
three UFOs
perpendicular to one another or were
they
>> like beside beside each other?
>> So it was a OB. Okay. So they were plus
sign formations of UFOs.
>> No. No. They were plus signs.
>> Solid plus signs.
>> Wow.
>> Have you ever heard of a case like that?
>> Not at that point, but I took a look.
But I should say one more thing that
yeah
>> I said to Annalie
>> we don't talk we go inside here's a form
you sit in the kitchen I'm sitting here
[laughter]
>> spoken like a true UFO researcher so you
literally [laughter] made yourself like
this double blind w and then you both
described what you see and you didn't
talk
>> no
>> that's amazing you you maintained your
discipline even in your own sighting
>> what should I do
>> that's awesome
>> so we made drawings and everything and
they were not exactly the same and they
never are but they were of the same
objects.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And after that I put an
investigator for you for Sweden to try
to find an answer. So he tried to to to
see if he could find an answer to this
but he couldn't.
>> Were the plus signs what color? White or
>> white. White. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> And how fast were they traveling?
>> Wow. How low were they? They felt very
low, but it's impossible to tell. I
mean, it was a black sky and stars, but
they were not satellite altitude, not
aircraft altitude. They were lower.
>> Any um
other anomalies like right angle turns
or disappearing or lights or
>> The thing was that they were really
coming out of the blue on the black, not
from the horizon. That was a strange
thing.
>> It's like they just appeared. Yeah. And
>> did
>> and I never I never talked about this to
anyone for months
>> except for the researcher because it was
so strange. But uh half a year later I
was interviewed on radio and I was asked
have you seen anything and I couldn't
lie. So I told the story and then the
telephone rang uh a couple of hours
later and the guy said you should talk
to my mother. I called her. She was in
her 80s and she was a young girl in the
30s and she had been out with her mother
who was in inside a house. She was
waiting outside the house in this field.
Middle of the day, sunny. She was just
bored. And suddenly on the road in front
of her, three illuminated plus signs
appeared out of nowhere rolling on the
road. Huge.
>> Whoa.
>> And gone. Wow. Were yours also rolling
like that? Okay. Hers were.
>> Yeah.
>> Yours were more floating.
>> Yeah, they were rigid. Rigid. Really?
>> Wow. That must have It's almost like a
cosmic joke that they the UFO researcher
sees a thing that looks so not like
Yeah.
>> flying saucer or even though the flying
saucer wasn't seen that much or
triangles or is the more common thing.
class. Do you think what do you ever
wonder what if in one of these random
manila envelopes
>> the answer?
>> Yeah. Or is just the most undeniable
evidence?
>> Yeah, of course. We haven't read them.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, we have read some of them.
>> So, you need we need to get you funding,
man.
>> Yeah, we really need to get some funding
to make this available.
>> Do you have any plans to digitize?
>> We do it all the time.
>> Okay.
>> All the time. We only one guy would do
it.
>> Oh.
>> So, he's sitting under an avalanche, you
know. Well, what's that guy's name?
Let's give him a shout out.
>> Leif Ostrand, he's a real hero.
>> Leif Austr, thank you for doing what
you're doing. That's amazing. Who has um
spent the longest amount of time here as
an independent UFO researcher has gone
the deepest on the files besides you?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Um who could that be? We
have some friends in Europe, of course.
>> Yeah. Greg Jedian from the US.
ah
>> he spent a couple of weeks here uh
writing his book. He's a professor in
history in Penn State.
>> Interesting.
>> So he spent why did he is he into UFOs?
>> Yeah, he wrote this book about the
history of UFOs.
>> He did.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. I don't know who he is really.
>> Oh, he's often on TV and things like an
expert. He's very good.
>> Do you like him?
>> Yeah, I like him. Really good
researcher.
>> Do you know the Penn State can um Eric
Walker? Do you know who that name is?
>> Walker.
>> Dr. Eric Walker, he was at um Penn State
in their materials lab. He was a lead
scientist and he
had a lot of interesting meetings where
he
>> seemed to claim that he was part of the
majestic 12.
>> Yeah.
>> There's a British Armenian physicist
named Azadel
>> and that guy spoke to
>> Henry Aadell.
>> He's a very very elusive guy.
>> He has several names.
He he uh published this silver diamonds
South Africa thing which a fraud.
>> Ah
>> so do you think he's like an
intelligence or
>> Yeah. Yeah. I don't trust him at all.
>> So maybe do you think his conversation
wasn't real with
>> I don't know about Henry Aadero. He's
not the bonafide UFO guy
>> because you know about his conversation
with Eric Walker. Are you
>> No, I don't know about that but I know
about Henry Aadero.
>> So I mean you're I'm sure you're
familiar with Grant Cameron.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So Grant Cameron wrote uh a
book and in it is a whole transcript of
a conversation between
>> Grant is a good guy.
>> Yeah.
>> Henry
uh I mean he faked those documents or he
did spread them with the knowing of them
being fake.
>> Apparently there was a meeting between
Kit Green and Eric Walker where Kit
Green was like I want to know about the
UFO secrets. Yeah.
>> And Eric Walker kicked him out of the
office and was like, "I can't tell." He
was like, "I know about this, but I
can't tell you." And he got very
paranoid.
>> Okay.
>> So, you know, and then there's also um
I'm sure you're familiar with um
Steinman, William Steinman.
>> Yeah.
>> So, William Steinman also had
correspondence with Dr. Eric Walker.
>> Yeah.
>> Because he was in touch with Sarbacher.
Sarbacher described somebody like Eric
Walker as being very involved with crash
retrievals.
>> And so, he I believe he went to Penn
State Steinman. um him and uh Scott was
it Scott Crane I believe his other
colleague and they tried to meet with
Eric Walker and Eric Walker again was
like
>> you guys are chasing your tails you're
like I think he called them actually
there's a call between Steinman and um
uh Eric Walker and he said you're you
know what do you know about the six
sense what do you know about sigh and
then uh he says you know nothing I don't
know anything goes until you know about
that. You don't know anything about this
and you're chasing you're basically it's
like Don Kiote.
>> Yeah.
>> It's fascinating. So I I was just
thinking that because this guy
>> that is interesting but not Henry
>> Azadel. Yeah.
>> Yeah. He has too many problems.
>> But but you can't if somebody is an
intel agent and they have a lot of fake
stuff involved with them.
>> You can't always throw the baby out with
the bath water.
>> Trust them.
>> For sure.
>> You always have to take everything with
a total grain of salt. But you also
can't discount everything they say.
There are people I think in the US now
who are on the circuit
>> who I'm pretty sure are like disinfo.
>> Absolutely.
>> But you that doesn't mean you should not
talk to them.
>> No. No. Absolutely. Talk to them.
Absolutely.
>> And then and then hold things in very
low probability that they say and look
for real corroboration.
>> But yeah,
>> I agree with that.
>> Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.
>> Sure. For sure.
>> Yeah.
>> But too many of them so it's very hard
to distinguish. There
>> are a lot you know.
>> Yeah. I'm just saying with the Henry as
a dead like maybe some some stuff's
true, some's fake, you know, who knows?
>> It could very well be like that.
>> So, Claus, you mentioned uh Adam
Dempsky, which is a very interesting
case.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh around a guy who also might be kind
of a con man or snake oil salesman. Hard
to say. Uh seems like he was caught in
some lies.
>> Some people think that he was just a
puppy for the government or things like
that,
>> right? But many of the pictures he took,
you know, those mother ships and scout
ships he was traveling, he said, with
the aliens to the moon and other things.
>> Do you think there was anything to any
of his comments or or statements or he
was hanging out with some interesting
people, you know, he's hanging out with
George Vanassel, right, who was, you
know, Howard Hughes contemporary. And so
do you think there was anything to that
case or
>> I thought it's rather complicated but I
I don't think his uh his pictures have
been properly analyzed.
>> I think they they should be there one
guy who did some analytic work on it but
he don't want to share.
>> Yeah.
>> When I ask him he don't want to share
how he did it.
>> Yeah.
>> And I don't like that. I know there are
diaries that Adamsky wrote.
>> Yeah.
>> And I would love to see them. Uh I know
that Glenn Stackling uh has read them.
>> Yeah.
>> And I would love Glenn to share that,
but we have not gotten that far.
>> Yeah.
>> So there are still some openings or
closings. I'm not sure which one it is
to the case. So I I want to know more
really about Adamsky.
>> So you're not you haven't made up your
mind. I not made up my mind. I keep a
slightly open door.
>> Yeah.
>> But I think most of it are not as good
as it should be.
>> What about Billy Meyer? He's another
Swiss
>> Billy Meer. I don't trust
>> you don't you think that he
>> hoaxed the photo. I mean the photos look
too good to be true in many cases but
then
>> also complicated where people say you
know in the beginning he was attracting
real stuff and so and you get the same
things sometimes with Chris Bledsoe
where
>> it's always the story you know in the
beginning it was good and yeah
>> I don't buy that buy that and if I I
have loads of his pictures yeah at home
>> and some of them are so incredibly bad
you can see there are models standing on
on the table
>> that's not Good.
>> That's He used even pictures from books.
>> Yeah.
>> You know the time travel he made to the
dinosaurs.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That was so strange.
>> I have that book at home. I took a
picture of a dinosaur in that book and
said, "Oh, this is a picture I took when
I traveled back back in time."
>> That's crazy. It's not. He says that in
the book.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. I I after this it's hard to take
him seriously. He says he took a photo
of a dinosaur in the book and it's a
clearly a fake photo.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I have the book myself. You
compare it. It's exactly the same
picture.
>> Jesus Christ.
>> And you have this picture when an alien
is standing with this ray gun in his
hand or her hand. I don't know. The
alien is cut exactly there as you can
only see the arm and this incredibly
fake looking
gun like from a toy store.
>> I just had a guest on who said this
guy's name Jason Resa Georgiani. He says
that Billy Myers was like an MI6 agent.
Have you heard of that?
>> Billy Meyer, also not really his name. I
mean, his name was Edward Meyer. He got
the name Billy when he was working in
Tehran.
>> The guy was 007. He was a James Bond
style super spy field intelligence
operative working primarily in the
Middle East.
>> Billy Meyer.
>> Yeah. Until he had an accident in Turkey
in a bus accident. his arm was severed
and then he moved on to this property in
Switzerland where he became an older man
and he became the Billy Meyer that we
associate with the contact phenomenon.
>> I didn't know that.
>> I dug up this and and have documented it
all in closer encounters.
>> Wow.
>> So Edward Meyer
>> Mhm.
>> was working for somebody in the Middle
East that gave him access to all of the
Arab potentates. He met with all of the
royalty in the Middle East. He had
access to the court of the Shaw of Iran.
In particular, he was very close to the
king of Jordan,
>> Billy Meyer.
>> What? He had like British intelligence.
>> Tend to love to make stories better.
>> Yeah.
>> Most of the time he's just an crazy guy
making up things to make himself a new
Jesus like Bill Mer really tried to do.
>> That seems to be a thing. I mean one of
the best books I think in UFO research
is uh Jacqu Valle's messengers of
deception and how it's like you get all
this cult creation around
>> absolutely
>> you know certain figures in ufology.
>> It's interesting because there are here
in Sweden we had quite a few sorcerer
cults.
>> Yeah. where uh guys who want to make
themselves bigger than they are
>> really
>> have told stories that are quite far out
and got followers mostly women.
>> Okay.
>> And yeah,
>> interesting. Um, what do you think? I I
feel like I need to ask you because
you've probably seen more UFO photos
than maybe anybody in the world.
>> Yeah, loads of them. Really?
>> What is your top UFO photo?
Is there anyone?
I mean, the thing about you for photos
is that they were better earlier.
>> Yep.
>> The 70s.
And when you call the guys who took the
pictures in the 70s, they tend to say,
"Okay, I faked it."
>> Really?
>> I did so with every single Swedish 1970
photo. And it's always young men,
>> not a single girl.
And when I called them 10 or 15 years
later, they said, "Okay, I I admit I did
it. It faked." Except one who still
maintains his story. And that picture
looks so faked. But he's a Christian.
He's a very firm believer in Jesus and
uh lives a good life. And I give him the
chance. Every second year I call him
again and say, "Hi, it's me."
>> You can admit that you faked it now. And
he won't admit it.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> What's his name?
>> Oh, it's a guy here in Sweden, so I'm
not sure. Christ Sunstrom.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> And can Do you have the photo?
>> Yeah. I don't have it here, but I can.
Of course.
>> You can send it.
>> I can send it so you can have it in.
>> I would love to see it.
>> Absolutely.
>> Is that the most visually appealing
clear photo that you can't debunk?
>> It's incredibly clear. I can fake it any
minute if I want.
>> I did it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> I did it as well.
>> Well, that's the problem with all these
photo. Oh, so you did fake it.
>> Yeah, I did a fake.
>> Well, you can fake any of these photos
and then somewhat certain ones you can't
also debunk. And so they end up
inherently in this liinal space where if
you have a guy who seems really honest
and like there's no incentive to fake
it, then you're stuck. It's there's no
way to fully
>> prove it or disprove it.
>> The thing is that it's not the picture,
it's the story. M
>> I mean when you go to this guy and make
an interview
then to make him uh uh show how he he he
saw this incredibly strange trip and how
he took the picture and what happened
afterwards then it falls apart.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> So you think that there's that it's fake
because he the story doesn't actually
stand.
>> Yeah. story. If you meet with people,
you can get uh the facts you need, not
by analyzing the picture.
>> But this very Christian guy, you think
that that photo is fake?
>> Yeah, I think it's fake.
>> You think it's fake? Yeah.
>> So, what's the best UFO photo that you
think is real?
>> Yeah. I was trying to find out that most
people should say the McMin wheel.
>> McMin. Yeah. But of course I went to
this uh conference in in France a couple
of years ago and this analyst showed us
that it you could clearly see there is a
string
>> if you make a data enhancement of it
>> really.
>> So I don't know anymore.
>> Oh no the McMinnville.
>> Yeah
>> that's like a holy grail you know that's
>> it's very hard to find a picture can say
that wow this this is good.
>> Wow.
>> You have to look for the story. So there
is it safe to say there are no UFO
photos that your very high conviction
are real?
>> Yeah, I have no photos that I'm except
the one I told you about with the radar
returner I saw myself.
>> That picture is of course of the thing
that flow around the lake and the radar
picked up. So that was in the northern
part of Sweden in 2005.
And since I saw the radar return myself
on the military radar,
>> yes,
>> I know it was there. And of course, he
couldn't know it was a military radar.
>> So you have on that case, you have
radar.
>> Yeah.
>> You have a photo.
>> Yeah. Two witnesses.
>> And you have two witnesses.
>> That might be one of the best UFO cases
ever.
>> It's for real. I mean, that happened.
>> And that's the one you're going to go
digging for?
>> No, it's around around the same area.
around the same area
>> but not connected in any other way.
>> Okay.
>> It's many many years uh between them.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Fascinating. Claus, what do you know now
that you wish you would have known as a
researcher 40 years ago getting into
this field?
>> Uh I would have loved to understand that
it's very scarce time you have to make
interviews with people before they
passes away.
>> I miss so many
>> who that are no longer there. Who's top
of the list?
>> Lots of people from the ghost rocket
era,
>> investigators and witnesses that I Oh,
in the 1980s when I started to pursue
that uh there were gone many of them.
>> Who's the number one person?
>> Oh, it was a policeman up in the very
north of Sweden who was very much uh
doing research and met people all around
North Sweden
>> and made interviews. I missed him.
That's uh really really sad. And I I
missed of course several of the
witnesses around the lakes.
>> It's cool that you chose a police
officer and the witnesses, which I think
is a testament to what you focus on,
which are the core details of what
happened in each case. Whereas a lot of
UFO researchers
assume truth on this like large scale
and then they get into all these kind of
pontificating metaphysical questions.
And so you're
>> you know very obviously rigorous and so
appreciate your time man and thank you
for having us.
>> Thank you.
>> Alchemist. Did you enjoy that? If you
want the full picture, head over to the
American Alchemy magazine we just
launched on Substack. That's where we
deep dive into all sorts of crazy topics
that we don't have time to fit into
every video with weekly articles
exploring all of the strange, forgotten,
and conspiratorial corners of space,
history, and high weirdness. So, join up
today at our free or paid tiers on
Substack. I am including the full link
in the description of this video. Heat.
Heat. [music]
>> [music]
[music]